docs: specify memory-safe is available since 0.8.13 for inline assembly (#13128)
ethereum/solidity: docs/assembly.rst

by default, disabled in the presence of any inline assembly block that contains a memory operation or assigns
to solidity variables in memory.

> However since v0.8.13, you can specifically annotate an assembly block to indicate that it in fact respects Solidity's memory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However since version 0.8.13, you can specifically annotate an assembly block to indicate that it in fact respects Solidity's memory
```
